// ID, DESCRIP, LINEREAD END ";"
>-9
Randomized reward for random encounter.
;
>-8
You can retire for the day and continue your journey tomorrow, or you can stay here to look for trouble and train.
;
>-4
Suddenly, a hard random encounter!
;
>-3
Suddenly, a medium difficulty random encounter!
;
>-2
Suddenly, an easy random encounter!
;
>-1
Choose your hero:
SHULA, a devoted halberdier of Astorut.
She has the searing power of the Sun imbued in her holy halberd,
allowing her to use Searing Smite to burn her enemies.
Before the war she was always looking for a chance to prove her worth,
and now she has been called to a purpose higher than she ever imagined.
NURAY, an archer from the desert plains.
As a hunter, she can use Hunter's Mark to mark her prey.
She has been noticed by Lunere himself on her quest to bring peace back to her oasis
- and the entire world.
ESTHER, a calm protector who was born under auspicious stars.
She can use her holy powers to strike weaponized starlight into her enemies:
she can cast Sacred Flame to inflict the power of Holy Radiance on foes.
After receiving the summons of the twin star gods,
she grabbed her ancestors' mace and embarked on her quest to protect the world.
;
>0
You come to a crossroads in your path.
From the left path you can hear the snickerings of several imps.
From the right you hear the infernal howls of hellhounds.
Which path do you take?
;
>1
Soon after you step into the road, you spot some imps setting fire to a tree.
The imps see you and cackle at your furious expression.
You draw your weapon.
;
>2
When you walk the scorched path, you soon notice the howling has stopped.
You hear rustling and see hellhounds approaching you, fangs bared.
The hounds rush in and you have just enough time to draw your weapon!
;
>3
You take a short rest on the ashy ground and think on the previous skirmish.
Trying to dodge and hit those slippery imps has left you feeling frustrated,
but you also think you learned a valuable lesson.
;
>4
You managed to clear your way through the hellish dogs,
and decide to take a moment to rest under a tree that is less scorched than many others.
After saying a few prayers,
you notice you feel ready to get back on your feet sooner than usual.
;
>5
As you finish cleaning your weapon, you see another imp approaching.
It yells and cackles when it sees you, beckoning someone over.
You see a woman with fire-red hair and even redder eyes.
"So it is you who has been bullying my darling imps!" she snarls.
"You will pay for touching my things! Arietis, I beseech you!"
You have no time to argue before she is already flinging fire at you.
;
>6
You have barely finished your rations when you hear a howl.
A hellhound is fast approaching, and you hear heavy footsteps following.
Behind the burning trees, you see a huge gorilla-like demon stomping onward,
led on by a single hellhound that is headed straight toward you.
You swallow the rest of your bread hastily and draw your weapon.
;
>7
After two battles back-to-back, you are inclined to leave the burning forest and its choking air as fast as you can.
You hike the rest of the day and end up at the foot of a mountain.
You set up camp and think about the family you left behind at home.
You remember the demons that ravaged your home and killed many of your friends and neighbours.
Rage builds up within you.
;
>8
As your food boils on the campfire, you start training for the next day of killing demons.
;
>9
You set up a charred log to target as you leap to the air before striking a finishing blow.
After a few tries you have perfected your technique and destroy the log into splinters.
;
>10
You set up a ring of rocks and sit in the middle, reciting arcane runes from your scrolls.
Before long, you have mastered the perfect arrangement of runes to send pure magical force into the rocks, shattering them into dust.
;
>11
You spend the evening praying.
Soft light envelops you.
Your prayers are answered,
and you obtain the power to take fortune away from creatures that do not deserve it.
;
>12
The next morning you begin your hike up the mountain.
It seems that the smaller demons originate from here, but you manage to sneak past them.
The higher you climb, the colder it gets.
You are shivering by the time you reach the summit, and notice a growing storm cloud being brewed by a huge demon of ice.
You dread to think of what would happen if such a storm reached the nearby human settlements, and draw your weapon.
;
>13
Despite having killed the Ice Demon, the blizzard is still roaring in the sky.
The magical snow threatens to freeze you alive and you find no other option but to invoke your deity and ask them for guidance with a shivering voice.
A bright beam of light penetrates through the storm cloud and dispels it.
The light then dissipates, but warms you inside and out before disappearing.
;
>14
Soon after, a succubus flies in with her minions.
You glare at the demons and ready your weapon.
;
>15
You have reached the end of the demo.
;
>16
Astorut blesses Shula with greater power!
;
>17
Lunere blesses Nuray with new abilities!
;
>18
Astranea and Stellenis bless Esther with holy power!
;